Which of the following principles are most commonly cited in AI-based ethical frameworks?(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. Happiness and spiritual contentment

B. Human control and autonomy

C. Fairness and non-discrimination

D. Transparency and explainability

D


Which of the following are common key performance indicators (KPIs) within dashboards of data-driven systems? (Select two.)(NHUNG HOÀNG)

a. Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization (EBITDA)

b. Performance metrics, such as accuracy and cost functions

c. Model training time

d. Operating cashflow forecast

bc


Which of the following is an important reason for continually refreshing an organization's internal and external ethics policies?(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. It helps maintain alignment of the policies with the cultural and contextual values of the organization's employees.

B. It helps maintain alignment with the emergent risks and changing ethical posture of the products and services of the organization.

C. It helps internal stakeholders justify the release of new product features or service upgrades.

D. It helps demonstrate to senior management that work is being done on the internal and external ethics policies.

B


Which of the following are advantages to adopting standards frameworks like ISO 27000? (Select two.)(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. Formal certification processes that provide competitive advantage

B. Regulatory weight and legal enforcement

C. Technology-specific focus and precise implementation instructions

D. International support, recognition, and involvement

AD


Which of the following would be the most beneficial stage to hold ethical risk reviews for a new project that your team is undertaking?(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. Conception

B. Development

C. Design

D. Deployment

A


Which of the following are effective strategies when making statements on social media? (Select two.)(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. Communicating only as needed

B. Presenting a face of the organization

C. Focusing on positive feedback

D. Being honest and up front

BD


Which of the following is a potential benefit of having an ethical organizational culture?

A. More employees are likely to switch careers.
B. Employees will feel a sense of responsibility and loyalty.
C. Employees are more likely to listen to their superiors.
D. The company will get an increase in stock value.
B


Which of the following are key principles of privacy by design? (Select two.)

A. Organizations must incorporate privacy protections throughout the project lifecycle.
B. Organizations must keep the focus of privacy protections on the business rather than the user.
C. Organizations must not expose the operational practices and technologies used to protect user privacy.
D. Organizations must be proactive in protecting against privacy risks, not reactive.
AD


Why is it important to categorize ethical risks into different types? (Select two.)(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. It makes it easier for us to identify and manage different types of risks.

B. It helps us understand the many complexities involved in different types of ethical risks.

C. It helps us consider risk mitigation in terms of universal tactics that apply to all potential kinds of ethical risk.

D. It ensures that customers and other external stakeholders know that we take ethical risks seriously.

AB


Which of the following best describes why data is sometimes compared to oil? (Select two.)(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. Data can be monetarily valuable.

B. Data can damage the environment.

C. Data can be easily monopolized.

D. Data can fuel algorithmic technologies.

AD


Why is a model that has been overfitted to its training data a source of fairness risk?(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. Because the model is too complex.

B. Because the model includes too much noise.

C. Because the model won't generalize to the entire population.

D. Because the model has a temporal bias.

C


Which of the following describes an ethical framework?

A. Ethical frameworks apply meta-ethical theories to everyday business operations.
B. Ethical frameworks consolidate regulatory requirements for an industry.
C. Ethical frameworks raise timeless ethical questions that are not easily put into action.
D. Ethical frameworks seek to mitigate ethical concerns by creating actionable steps.
D


Which of the following provide a user with more meaningful choices regarding how their data is being used? (Select two.)

A. Whether the data is used by a person of a certain gender
B. The format that the data is stored in
C. Granular or modular control over data usage
D. Opt-out/opt-in mechanisms
CD


Which of the following is an essential asset that helps to operationalize the internal and external ethics policies via procedures?(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. A description of the procedures in the annual report of the organization.

B. A detailed report that presents the various scenarios using technical jargon.

C. Concrete examples that show how the policies work in practice.

D. A designated ethics lead who is solely responsible for the implementation of said procedures.

C


Which of the following describes personhood?

A. Personhood is often used to dictate how something is treated.
B. Personhood is a concept that applies to narrow AI.
C. Personhood is the legal protection provided to AI systems.
D. Personhood is an individual's right to freedom.
A


Which of the following is an important concept to consider as part of building an organizational philosophy?

A. Adopting philosophies already created by other organizations
B. Anticipating future implications of that philosophy
C. Considering internal stakeholder needs above all else
D. Putting ethical principles into practice
B


Which of the following are likely to be found within a penetration test rules of engagement (ROE)? (Select two.)(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. What systems may be targeted

B. How long CCTV camera recordings should be maintained

C. The appropriate length and complexity of employee passwords

D. What methods of attack are legitimate

AD


Which of the following is an important action needed for the finalization of internal and external ethics policies before approval?

A. Discarding open issues to provide a clean slate for the next iteration of the policies
B. Ensuring the policies are the same as those from other peer organizations
C. Testing the policy in an already deployed project setting
D. Documenting the assumptions and choices made in the drafting of the policies
D


Which of the following best describes a marketing persona?(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. A description of a type of character based upon demographics, habits, and interests

B. A character that encapsulates a brand's personality

C. An individual who assists with the activity of marketing

D. The emotional impression that a customer has about a product or category of goods

A


If you are attempting to build a new framework for the research and development (R&D) of AI, which of the following frameworks might you look at first for its emphasis in this area?

A. The G20 AI Principles
B. The Montreal Declaration for a Responsible Development of Artificial Intelligence
C. The American Medical Association's definition of artificial intelligence
D. The Beijing AI Principles
D


Why is deciding how to act using moral reasoning not always a feasible goal for human beings?(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. Most people are not educated on normative ethical theories and therefore cannot perform true moral reasoning.

B. Moral reasoning is too complicated to apply to a real-world situation.

C. Moral reasoning has few tangible benefits for most people.

D. Human decision making is often influenced by emotion and not logic.

D


How can you leverage emerging technologies like AI in disaster recovery plans (DRP)?

A. By using deep learning techniques to bolster the organization's defense against disasters.
B. By using natural language processing (NLP) techniques to ensure the DRP document is understandable and free of typographic errors.
C. By using data-driven techniques to inform the strategies behind the DRP.
D. By using AI decision-making systems to decide whether or not a DRP is necessary for your organization.
C


Which of the following is an example of applied ethics?(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. Professional ethics

B. Moral relativism

C. Virtue ethics

D. Pluralism

A


Which type of edge case is caused by data outside the normal distribution?

A. Errors
B. Noise
C. Overfitting
D. Outliers
D


Which of the following are important qualities of a press release? (Select two.)

A. It's concise
B. It's in a digital format
C. It's non-interactive
D. It's delivered on a single platform
AB


How can confirmation bias impact us socially? (Select two.)

A. It can prevent us from being social with other people.
B. It can impede socio-political cooperation.
C. It can lead to a diverse set of friends.
D. It can lead to groupthink, which can in turn halt forward progress.
BD


Which of the following describes extrajudicial judgment?(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. A ruling or scoring made outside of a court.

B. Unusual interpretation of law outside of its typical meaning.

C. Applying law from one jurisdiction within another.

D. Transferring defendants from one jurisdiction to another for trial.

A


Which of the following is a problematic reason to pilot a code of ethics prior to widespread deployment?(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. The pilot phase demonstrates the seriousness of the organization with respect to its ethical responsibilities.

B. The pilot phase helps to stress test a code of ethics in a real-world situation.

C. The pilot phase helps to develop awareness and buy-in from the relevant stakeholders in the organization.

D. The pilot phase helps to identify gaps in the current code of ethics.

A


The Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) safeguards the privacy of which age group's personal information?

A. Anyone under 18 years old
B. Anyone under 13 years old
C. Anyone between 13 and 18 years old
D. Anyone between 5 and 13 years old
B


What is the purpose of a holding statement in crisis and media communications?(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. To pre-write communications before they are needed

B. To prevent personnel from communicating prematurely

C. To order the business to temporarily halt certain operations

D. To retain the services of specific media outlets

A


Which of the following helps to ensure that internal and external ethics policies are adhered to in practice?(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. Having unambiguous procedures tied to the clauses of the policy.

B. Ensuring the policies have ample room for flexibility in implementation.

C. Including detailed legalese in the policy that mirrors regulatory requirements.

D. Developing procedures first and then creating policies that reflect those procedures.

A


Which of the following statements are promoted by the categorical imperative? (Select three.)

A. Act in such a way that your actions may become a universal law.
B. You have a moral duty to choose your actions based on their potential outcomes.
C. Each person must use reason to will moral laws.
D. Don't treat people as a means to an end; treat them always as an end.
ACD


Which of the following describes why explainability is important?

A. It is necessary so that internal stakeholders can understand how a system works.
B. It provides accountability and trust.
C. It provides interpretations of a system's actions.
D. It enables you to explain a system for shareholder purposes.
B


Which of the following might be a risk of not having an ethical organizational culture?(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. Employees might face cognitive dissonance.

B. Employees are more likely to express their opinions about the company.

C. Employees will experience a faster approval process to get a product launched.

D. Employees might be less interested in their careers.

A


Which of the following benefits can be gained from establishing baseline system behaviors? (Select two.)

A. Optimizing costs of operation
B. Holding employees more accountable
C. Tracking deviance from norms
D. Restoring compromised functionality through a system rollback
CD


Which of the following is a formative ethics theory that states that maximizing happiness is the primary standard for determining what is right or wrong?

A. Categorical imperative
B. Utilitarianism
C. Deontology
D. Virtue ethics
B


Which of the following statements accurately describes the philosophical concept of predeterminism?(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. All events, past, present, and future, are determined in advance.

B. All future events are determined by preceding events, as in a chain, but human beings may still be able to interfere with this chain of events.

C. Human beings are able to make choices whose outcomes are not already determined.

D. All events are predestined to happen by a supernatural force.

A


Which of the following is a transparency risk of closed source software?

A. Closed source software includes obfuscated code that cannot be read by a human.
B. Closed source software cannot be shared with business partners.
C. Closed source software cannot be reviewed by the organization that developed it.
D. Closed source software may not be accessible to independent auditors.
D


Which of the following describes the purpose of having an Ethics Board for a data-driven organization?(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. An Ethics Board can help maintain an organization's values-based intentions and decrease the inherent dangers of autonomous technologies.

B. An Ethics Board can help maintain an organization's profit margins and increase transparency into how they increase their profits.

C. An Ethics Board can help maintain an organization's values-based intentions and increase transparency into how they use data-driven technologies.

D. An Ethics Board can increase transparency into how the organization uses AI or autonomous technologies.

C


You're training a model to classify whether or not a bridge is likely to collapse given several factors. You have a dataset of thousands of existing bridges and their attributes, where each bridge is labeled as having collapsed or not collapsed. Only a handful of bridges in the dataset are labeled as having collapsed—the rest are labeled as not collapsed. Given your goal of minimizing bridge collapse and the severe harm it can cause, which of the following metrics would be most useful for evaluating the model?

A. Recall
B. Precision
C. Confusion matrix
D. Accuracy
A


Which of the following describes the AI Fairness 360 project?

A. An AI product that represents a completely fair model for AI practitioners to use as a benchmark.
B. A checklist for machine learning practitioners to follow when training fair AI models.
C. A global initiative that promotes fairness in AI through seminars, conferences, and other community-driven activities.
D. An open source library that evaluates models for bias and provides mitigation tactics to reduce that bias.
D


Which of the following are reasons to design, develop, and deploy a code of ethics within an organization? (Select two).(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. It compels employees to operate in an ethical and integral manner.

B. It prevents regulatory scrutiny of the organization's practices.

C. It lets external stakeholders know that you are an ethical company.

D. It creates consistency in the ethical practices across the organization, rather than patchy implementation of the practices.

AD


Which type of bias causes people to trust an automated decision-making system (ADS) over a human's decision?(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. Automation bias

B. Confirmation bias

C. Complacency bias

D. Implicit bias

A


Which of the following is an explainability risk of self-learning models?

A. Self-learning models are unable to generate decisions as output.
B. Self-learning models may introduce new data you're unaware of.
C. Self-learning models are black boxes whose decisions cannot be understood.
D. Self-learning models can corrupt data or otherwise make it unreadable.
B


Which school of philosophical thought primarily advocates for the greatest good for the greatest amount of people?(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. Kantian ethics

B. Utilitarianism

C. Deontology

D. Virtue ethics

B


Which of the following describe how adopting ethical practices can be a strategic differentiator? (Select three.)

A. It will encourage applicants to apply for your company.
B. It will ensure you comply with regulations.
C. It will support the development of strategic partnerships.
D. It will reduce your business obligations toward customers and business partners.
E. It will build customer trust.
ACE


How does increasing AI performance often conflict with the desire for explainability?(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. Increasing AI performance sometimes reduces the transparency of input data used in training, making it more difficult to explain decision-making processes.

B. Increasing AI performance sometimes leads to certain evaluation metrics no longer being useful, making it more difficult to explain decision-making processes.

C. Increasing AI performance sometimes leads to greater model complexity, making it more difficult to explain decision-making processes.

D. Increasing AI performance sometimes removes human-in-the-loop (HITL) methods, making it more difficult to explain decision-making processes.

C


Your business handles the personal data of California residents. Which of the following regulations would enable a resident to request that their data be deleted from your company's files?

A. COPPA
B. OECD Privacy Guidelines
C. COPPA
D. PCI DSS
C


Which of the following is an important reason to have a policy owner for internal and external ethics policies ?(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. They can help to prevent changes from taking place in the policies over time by justifying their choices.

B. The policy owner will write the policy, relying solely on their personal institutional knowledge.

C. It helps to have a single person that can be held accountable in case something goes wrong.

D. They can help to bring the right internal and external stakeholders together to help draft these ethics policies.

D


How can sentiment analysis be useful in social media communication?

A. It can shape the content and delivery of the message based on users' perceptions of the organization or technology.
B. It can determine how to construct a message that influences users to be more positive about the organization or technology.
C. It can determine which users have the largest influence on your reputation, and therefore which users you should communicate with.
D. It can classify customers as loyal or disloyal, helping you target customers differently in your communications.
A


Is an open door policy equivalent to ensuring employee voice?

A. Yes, because both allow employees to speak up.
B. Yes, because an open door policy is essential for employee voice.
C. No, because an open door policy is the opposite of employee voice.
D. No, because an open door policy does not ensure employees feel heard.
D


Which of the following is a best practice when participating in media inquiries?(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. Divulge only the information that you are required to by law

B. Get your message out as quickly as possible

C. Only agree to speak to media outlets that are favorable to your organization

D. Ensure your message is consistent

D


Which of the following is the most important idea that a crisis communication program should manage?

A. The individual details of a crisis
B. Internal stakeholder consensus about how to approach a crisis
C. The real-world effects of a crisis
D. The public's perception of a crisis
D


Why does the trolley problem pose an ethical predicament?
A. The moral responsibility is split between you and the person controlling the trolley.
B. You have to make a choice between two scenarios where choosing one leads to loss of life in the other.
C. You as the actor don't have sufficient control over the circumstance.
D. There are so many potential outcomes that it becomes difficult to choose one that is most ethical.
B


Which of the following is a noted difference between a certificate and a certification?(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. Certifications are issued by industry certification bodies.

B. Certifications cannot be revoked.

C. Certifications are granted upon completion of a course.

D. Certifications can be accredited.

A


How does a smart contract differ from a traditional contract?

A. Smart contracts eliminate the need for a central authority.
B. Smart contracts guarantee that all parties are anonymous.
C. Smart contracts serve a different purpose than traditional contracts.
D. Smart contracts are more effective than traditional contracts.
A


Which of the following are ways that regulations differ from ethical frameworks? (Select two.)(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. Regulations provide a clear basis for potential litigation.

B. Regulations have legal enforcement behind them.

C. Regulations are flexible in their implementation.

D. Regulations are often industry led.

AB


Which of the following elements might be considered moderately affected in an Impact Level 2 Algorithmic Impact Assessment? (Select two.)

A. A brief delay in the conveyance of a commercial transaction.
B. The health and well-being of individuals or communities.
C. A loss of life resulting from specific circumstances.
D. The rights of individuals or communities.
BD


What does "ethics by design" mean?(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. A creative design approach as the focus for ethics.

B. An approach in which ethics is considered from the initial design stage.

C. A reference to one of the tenets of engineering activism.

D. A reference to the framework set forth by IEEE's Ethically Aligned Design.

B


How does the "virtuous cycle" that benefits Big Tech operate?

A. Better classes of customers lead to richer and more refined data for algorithmic systems.
B. Organizations write algorithms with fewer biases, which leads to fairer outcomes.
C. By acting virtuous, the public respects Big Tech more and more.
D. Data-driven algorithms improve solutions, leading to new customers, and better data.
D


Which of the following is the most important ethical consideration regarding technical developments like deepfakes?(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. They take away monetization opportunities, leaving individuals unfairly compensated for their data.

B. They are built on technological progress made by a third-party organization.

C. They violate data sharing agreements in many jurisdictions.

D. They usurp a person's likeness and can then be weaponized against them.

D


Which of the following is a best practice for incorporating diversity, equity, and inclusiveness in communication?

A. Ensure multiple groups of people based on race, gender, etc., are communicating in different ways
B. Focus on the organization's intended message rather than incorporating feedback from external stakeholders
C. Reassure customers that the organization is diverse, equitable, and inclusive
D. Promote an organizational culture that embraces these values
D


What does the acronym CSIRT stand for in a security context?

A. Conformance strategy, immutability, reliability, trustworthiness
B. Computer security immediate readiness tools
C. Computer science, Internet, real-time interaction, technology
D. Cybersecurity incident response team
D


Which of the following sources does a SIEM system typically pull data from? (Select two.)

A. Personnel emails
B. Encrypted personal data
C. System event logs
D. Network intrusion detection alerts
CD


Which of the following describes an opt-out policy in regards to the collection of private data?

A. Data about the user is always collected, regardless of the user's consent.
B. Data about that user isn't collected until that user explicitly states you are allowed to.
C. Data about the user is never collected, regardless of the user's consent.
D. Data about the user is automatically collected unless that user explicitly states that you should not do so.
D


What is the fundamental attribution error?(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. When you believe your chances of experiencing something negative are lower and your chances of experiencing something positive are higher than others.

B. When you believe your ideas are normal and that the majority of people agree with you.

C. When you say your bad behavior is caused by the situation, but when other people display the same bad behavior, it is caused by a personality trait.

D. When you incorrectly assume a cause and effect relationship for two correlated variables.

C


Which of the following are tasks in the overall risk management process? (Select three.)(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. Mitigation

B. Deployment

C. Identification

D. Elimination

E. Analysis

ACE


At what point should ethical consideration ideally be applied to emerging technologies?

A. Upon delivery, with appropriate warranties where necessary.
B. During periodic reviews, with ongoing customer feedback solicited.
C. From its inception, through maintenance, to applying foresight regarding its decommissioning.
D. Once an ethical issue has received negative feedback in public media.
C


You have a dataset of customers that includes each customer's gender, location, and other personal attributes. The label you are trying to predict is how much sales revenue each customer is likely to generate for the business based on these attributes. What type of machine learning outcome is this problem suited for?(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. Classification 

B. Dimensionality reduction 

C. Clustering

D. Regression

D


What is the difference between beneficence and non-maleficence?

A. Beneficence refers to "do only good" and non-maleficence refers to "do no harm."
B. Non-maleficence refers only to malevolent artificial general intelligence (AGI), while beneficence can refer to any "good" emerging technology.
C. Beneficence is a less important goal for the field of AI than non-maleficence.
D. Beneficence and non-maleficence are quite similar and often interchangeable.
A


Which of the following is a valid reason for tracking the number and severity of an organization's ethical violations?(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. It can dissuade end users from scrutinizing the internal and external ethics policies.

B. It can help provide qualitative information that can be used to improve the policies.

C. It can replace the need for refreshing the internal and external ethics policies.

D. It can help provide transparency around the efforts to improve the policies.

D


What is the purpose of differential privacy?

A. To only allow certain parties to access certain portions of the data.
B. To enable parties to share private data without revealing individuals represented in the data.
C. To remove the direct identifiers that can be used to identify individuals.
D. To ensure the data is completely confidential and cannot be read by unauthorized parties.
B


Which of the following describes the technique of homomorphic encryption?

A. A method of mitigating biased algorithms through enhanced secrecy.
B. A method of swapping public and private keys between hosts.
C. A method of cryptography that hides data inside other data.
D. A method of performing operations on encrypted data.
D


What causes bias?(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. Biases are caused by the opinions of our families.

B. Bias is biological, we are born with it.

C. Bias is caused by the media.

D. Biases are learned from our families, our social groups, and the media.

D


Which of the following best describes the use case for zero-knowledge protocols (ZKPs)?

A. Handling divide-by-zero errors in computing software
B. Proving that something exists, but not the specifics
C. Choosing what to do when you have zero knowledge of a subject
D. Being made aware of when the battery in a product is past its zero point
B


Why is the question of robot rights and emancipation one that isn't as important as addressing issues of bias, privacy, transparency, and other principles discussed in the various ethical frameworks?(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. Humans are anthropocentric and don't want to extend rights to other sentient entities.

B. These rights necessitate that robots become sentient entities, which is currently not feasible.

C. Robots are mechanical instruments and therefore don't deserve to have rights.

D. There is no legal precedent for granting rights to entities that are not humans.

B


Which of the following is the most important argument in favor of content moderation in online platforms?

A. It prevents the spread of disinformation that can cause harm to vulnerable populations.
B. It helps uphold freedom of expression for everyone and doesn't give anyone special rights.
C. It creates adequate incentives for everyone to share their opinions.
D. It prevents the development of monopolies in terms of content creators.
A


You want to solicit feedback from users who are seeking explanations about your AI products and services. So, you decide to place a form on your marketing website that users can fill out. 

Which of the following is the best way to structure that form for the purpose of collecting useful feedback?(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. Provide a series of yes or no questions with radio buttons where users select their respective answers.

B. Provide a large, unrestricted text box where users can enter their thoughts at length.

C. Provide a series of open questions with a single-line entry field where users can provide short answers.

D. Provide a drop-down menu of feedback categories that users can select from, with a promise that you'll follow up via email.

B


To which of the following groups would a code of ethics not be applicable?

A. Business managers of the data-driven technology system
B. Data subjects of the data-driven technology system
C. Designers of the data-driven technology system
D. Developers of the data-driven technology system
B


Which of the following elements should be communicated with end users when negotiating ethical access to a user's data? (Select two.)

A. A request for consent to perform an action
B. The monetary value of that data
C. The intention behind a certain activity or request
D. An offer of money or other incentives to relinquish user's rights
AC


Which organizational resource is most commonly used in terms of fostering an ethical organizational culture?(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. Informational resources

B. Human resources

C. Physical resources

D. Financial resources

B


Why are groups like race and religion considered protected classes?

A. These groups have been used as the basis for wholesale discrimination.
B. These groups can be used to personally identify someone.
C. People use these groups as the basis for their identities.
D. Organizations are legally not allowed to collect information about these groups.
A


Which of the following are possible causes of the limited adoption of a code of ethics within an organization? (Select two).(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. Comprehensive coverage of areas of concerns by the code of ethics

B. Lack of clarity in the code of ethics

C. Lack of awareness of the code of ethics and where it is meant to be applied

D. Prescriptive language used in the code of ethics

BC


Which of the following are important elements of the data minimization principle? (Select two.)(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. Only delete data that can be easily replaced

B. Only collect data that is strictly necessary

C. Only compress data that needs to be kept as small as possible

D. Only keep data for as long as it is needed

BD


Which of the following negative consequences is the direct result of failing to be truthful in communicating about a crisis?

A. Reputational damage
B. Discrimination
C. Financial loss
D. Security risk
A


Why are anonymization and pseudonymization insufficient protection measures against breaches of data privacy and security?

A. They don't integrate well into data science and machine learning workflows.
B. They only work in scenarios with particular kinds of personal information.
C. They destroy the usefulness of the data.
D. They can be broken by combining this data with other publicly available data.
D


The organization needs to ask itself about any quality control issues it may be having. Which of the following processes is most suitable for asking and answering that question?(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. Business impact assessment

B. Business continuity plan

C. Vulnerability audit

D. Lessons learned report

C


When you deliver periodic statements about a crisis to the media, what should the first statement do?

A. Provide in-depth details about the situation
B. Accept responsibility for perceived problems
C. Survey public opinion of the organization
D. Set the tone of what is to follow
D


A disruptive user on a social media site is subjected to a shadow ban. Which of the following might be an indication of that shadow ban?

A. A user logs in one day to find a message from a site administrator saying that the user has been banned.
B. A user logs in one day to find that they have been asked to discontinue their disruptive behavior, or they will be banned.
C. A user logs in one day to find that their posting privileges have been revoked.
D. A user logs in one day to find that they are able to post, but receive no direct responses.
D


Which of the following are likely examples of a leverageable third party data-driven or data-related product? (Select two.)(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. Data annotation and augmentation tools

B. Compiled models

C. Management oversight

D. Product design lifecycle

AB


Which of the following are logical arguments in favor of an organization maintaining compliance? (Select two.)

A. Long-term cost savings due to avoiding fines
B. Reduced time to deployment
C. Reduced costs of development
D. Avoidance of reputational damage
AD


Which of the following presents the most important argument for why we need to consider the impact of AI on labor in the design, development, and deployment of data-driven technology?(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. There may be an impact on worker productivity if they are not included in all phases.

B. There might be potential labor rights and human rights violations.

C. There is still a need for human workers in human-in-the-loop mechanisms.

D. The organization would like to avoid having to deal with union concerns.

B


Which of the following describes change management?

A. A collective term for all approaches to prepare, support, and help individuals, teams, and organizations in fostering an ethical organizational culture.
B. A collective term used to describe how employees are able to voice their concerns to facilitate change in their organization.
C. A collective term used to explain how organizations facilitate change in a product after receiving negative feedback.
D. A collective term for all approaches to prepare, support, and help individuals, teams, and organizations in making organizational change.
D


Which of the following elements constitute PII? (Select two.)

A. Telephone numbers
B. Device IDs
C. Cookies and tokens
D. Passport numbers
AD


In the context of open data, what is FAIR?(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. An acronym for finance accoutability intelligence research.

B. A reference to fair competition, which makes open data possible.

C. An acronym for fundamental artificial intelligence research.

D. An acronym for findable, accessible, interoperable, and reusable.

D


What are the duties of an ethics board for data-driven technology organizations?

A. Develop resources to be used in ethical decision-making processes.
B. Response to rapid changes in the field, investigating the ethical implications.
C. All of the others
D. Build a repository of institutional knowledge around ethical practices.
C


Which of the following are tools of an effective media communication plan? (Select two.)(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. Mission statement

B. Video briefing

C. Press release

D. Public education campaign

BC


Which of the following are transport encryption protocols? (select two.)

A. SSH
B. SSH/TLS
C. FTP
D. HTTP
AB


Which approach to corporate governance is more likely to create an ethical organizational culture?(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. A systemic approach with incentive systems.

B. A board focused on legal and regulatory compliance.

C. An oversight committee focus on frameworks.

D. An oversight committee focus on rules.

A


Which of the following is a technique used by the Python tool Alibi to produce a subset of features that will usually result in the same model prediction?

A. Anchor Explanations
B. Shapley value
C. Local Interpretable Model-Agnostic Explanations
D. Perturbation
A


Which subset of transparency involves describing the system to a non-expert?(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. Explainability

B. Interpretability

C. Auditability

D. Useability

A


Which of the following risk analysis methods use words like "likely," "unlikely," and "rare" to describe the likelihood of risk, and words like "low," "medium," and "high" to describe the impact of risk? (Select two.)

a. Qualitative analysis
b. Semi-quantitative analysis
c. Quantitative analysis
d. Semi-qualitative analysis
ab


How is employee voice different than open door policy?(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. Open door policy follows up with people to show how changes were implemented based on their communication. 

B. Employee voice follows up with the people to show how changes were implemented based on their communication.

B


When conducting a business impact assessment (BIA), why is it important to interview or survey personnel at the ground level, not just managers and other higher-ups?(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. They may have more institutional knowledge about a subject than managers.

B. They have a greater obligation to answer questions.

C. They are more likely to find the time to complete an interview or survey.

D. They are more likely to be candid and give forthright responses.

A


Which of the following is a key element of communications with internal and external stakeholders regarding an organization's ethics policies?

A. Simple to follow examples
B. Flexible verbiage
C. Dense procedural descriptions
D. Daily communications
A


Which of the following constitute internal stakeholders in the context of a code of ethics?(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. Designers

B. Regulators

C. Data subjects

D. Policymakers

A
(internal - deisgners
external - regulators)


If you are doing an analysis of data to determine which of several small businesses you should purchase to gain the maximum benefit to your overall company finances, what type of analysis are you doing?

A. Predictive
B. Cumulative
C. Prescriptive
D. Descriptive
C


Which of the following are important aspects of resolving complex and confounding business pressures? (Select two.)(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. Managing expectations that not everyone can get what they want, when they want it

B. Prioritizing ethical and safety concerns over business desires in all cases and situations

C. Assuring everyone that their desires can be accommodated without compromise

D. Engaging with multiple stakeholders to understand their particular needs

AD


Which of the following describes dual-use or multipurpose data?

A. Data that can be easily shared with a partner or family member for mutual enjoyment.
B. Data that can be used in multiple devices or formats, such as a video on a Smart TV, tablet, and computer.
C. Data collected for one application that could also be applied to another application in a different domain.
D. Data that can be transformed into multiple forms, e.g. extracting audio from a video file.
C


Why do smart toys raise additional ethical concerns over those that are raised in the course of other products and services that use AI?

A. Children are more susceptible to manipulation and therefore need extra protective measures.
B. The smart toys store personal data on the device, which can be stolen.
C. It is difficult to obtain informed consent for the use of the smart toy.
D. They are used in the privacy of homes rather than in public settings, like other products or services.
A


Which of the following accurately describes the measures of central tendency in a normal distribution?(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. The mean is higher than both the median and mode.

B. The median is equal to the mode, and both are higher than the mean.

C. The mode is higher than the mean, but lower than the median.

D. The mean, median, and mode are the same.

D


Why are deep learning and machine learning called narrow? Select two options.

A. Narrow can only perform the specific tasks it was designed to do.
B. Narrow AI can't handle situations that its training data didn't prepare it for.
C. Narrow AI is dependent on hand-coding of its algorithms.
AB


Which of the following are typically true when comparing the LIME tool with the SHAP tool? (Select two.)

A. LIME outputs results faster than SHAP.
B. LIME is less accurate than SHAP.
C. LIME supports fewer types of models than SHAP.
D. LIME supports more programming languages than SHAP.
AB


Which of the following are cost functions used to evaluate linear regression models? (Select two.) (NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. Accuracy 

B. Mean squared error (MSE) 

C. Root mean squared error (RMSE) 

D. Recall

BC


Why is suspicion a pitfall in communicating ethical risks to society?

A. Suspicion leads to use technologies ineffective.
B. Suspicion leads to aggressive rejection of a technology.
C. Suspicion involves fear of some technology that is not completely known.
D. Suspicion makes it impossible to convince people of the benefits of technology.
C


How does the low likelihood of a crisis relate to its potential impact?

A. A crisis with low likelihood tends to have high impact.
B. A crisis with low likelihood tends to have little to no effect on its impact.
C. A crisis with low likelihood tends to have low impact.
D. A crisis with low likelihood tends to have moderate impact.
A


What is the capability caution?(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. We need to take steps to ensure that humans capabilities are not limited by Al growth.

B. We need to remember that we don't know the full extent of what Al systems might become capable of so that we can better plan.

C. We need to freeze Al's capabilities at the current state so that we can ensure Al systems won't take over the world.

D. We need to remember that we know the full extent of what Al systems might become capable of so that we can better plan.

B


Which of the following is a case study that best represents the principle of professional responsibility?

A. The Asilomar AI Principles' definition of capability caution
B. The American Medical Association's definition of AI as augmented intelligence
C. The Beijing AI Principles' tenets about the use of AI
D. The IEEE Ethically Aligned Design's discussion on classical ethics
B


Which of the following are pitfalls in communicating risks to the organization? (Select two.)(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. Having a disjointed message.

B. Following up messaging with an audience.

C. Not paying attention to the flow of messaging.

D. Coordinating a message between departments.

AC


Which of the following are potential training data inadequacies that you should communicate to your users in support of transparency? (Select two.)

A. The amount of time it took to collect the data.
B. Any missing values in the dataset and how they were handled.
C. The relatively large size of a dataset used in training.
D. Any known bias in the sample data.
BD


Which of the following is a benefit of using focus groups over surveys?

A. They allow for deeper engagement with the target demographic community.
B. They are a more scalable option for the collection of information.
C. They are an easier way to collect information from a target audience.
D. They can provide more data through structured information gathering.
A


In using AI-enabled solutions within the context of medical imaging analysis, which of the following is the most important ethical consideration?

A. Explainability
B. Privacy
C. Security
D. Bias
A


If you were to place the task "Apply security patch to system" on an attack tree diagram, what category would it be assigned to? (NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. Threat 

B. Vector 

C. Control 

D. Controller

C


Which of the following best describes capability caution as referenced in the Asilomar AI Principles?

A. Should there be a greater reliance on AI, measures should be taken to ensure that humans are still capable of finding work.
B. We should keep limits on on what artificial general intelligence (AGI) is capable of.
C. If there is no understanding of the internal mechanisms of AI, then AI development should be halted.
D. Given a lack of consensus, we should avoid strong assumptions regarding upper limits on future AI capabilities.
D


What make ethics training effective?(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. Keep the content simple and direct.

B. Keep sessions interactive.

C. Keep sessions short and focused.

D. All

D


What is the primary advantage of radioactive data tracing over past techniques that modify input in order to determine whether or not that input was used in training?

A. Radioactive data tracing doesn't impact a model's performance.
B. Radioactive data tracing can be used to modify the label.
C. Radioactive data tracing targets language-based input.
D. Radioactive data tracing makes the modification perceptible to human beings.
A


Which of the following principle sets are important for the creation of open data that is widely utilized?(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. ISO 27017

B. FATE

C. ISO 27001

D. FAIR

D


Which of the following describes an illusory-correlation bias?

A. When you incorrectly assume a correlation because there is an illusory confounding variable.
B. When you correlate variables that do not exist in your data set.
C. When you correlate a variable with a confounding variable.
D. When you incorrectly assume a cause and effect relationship because two variables are correlated.
D


An attacker fools an AI-based anti-spam system into thinking the attacker's email messages are benign. This enables the attacker's emails to reach their destination(s) without being blocked. What type of adversarial machine learning is this?(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. Evasion

B. Poisoning

C. Spoofing

D. Reasoning

A


Which of the following types of malware monitors a user's behavior without their knowledge or permission?(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. Virus

B. Spyware

C. Ransomware

D. Trojan horse

B


Which of the following metrics is used to evaluate a linear regression machine learning model?

A. Receiver operating characteristic (ROC)
B. Cost function
C. Goodhart's Law
D. Accuracy
B


Which of the following resources does the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) provide to organizations?(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. Industrial configurations

B. Measurement technologies

C. Reference materials

D. Security tools

C


In Al, the principle of privacy is most commonly referred to in the context of which of the following concepts?

A. Data protection
B. Transparency
C. Human control
D. Personal protection
A


Which of the following constitute external stakeholders in the context of a code of ethics?(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. Regulators

B. Developers

C. Designers

D. Business managers

A
(internal - deisgners
external - regulators)


In the following scatter plot, the Grossincome variable is plotted against the Revenue variable. What type of correlation does this plot suggest?

A. There is a weak positive correlation between both variables
B. There is a strong positive correlation between both variables
C. There is a strong negative correlation between both variables.
D. There is a weak negative correlation between both variables
B


Which of the following is a platform that includes hundreds of security exploit tools?

A. Wireshark
B. Nmap
C. Zenmap
D. Kal Linux
D


Which of the following situations would most likely require communication to external stakeholders? (Select two.)

A. The organization's change management strategy has been modified.
B. The organization plans to adopt a new ethical framework to support the implementation of an AI system.
C. The organization's data-driven service will receive an update that enhances its accuracy.
D. The organization's AI product has a defect and needs to be recalled.
CD


Which team typically oversees penetration test operations and adherence to the rules of engagement (ROE)?

A. Blue team
B. White team
C. Purple team
D. Red team
B


Which of the following is an ethical benefit of incorporating fair competition considerations in a data-driven technology ecosystem?(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. Lowering product and service costs for the users

B. Accelerating investments in research and development

C. Encouraging product or service differentiation

D. Consolidating products and services under a single organization

C


An ethical impact assessment is _____

A. Focused on preventing future problems.
B. Focused on the impact of past ethical risks.
C. Focused on identifying the causes of past errors.
A


Which of the following describe corporate hegemony? (Select two.)

A. Consolidating interests through mergers and acquisitions
B. Locking out smaller players, leading to monopolies or cartels
C. Spending large sums on corporate branding and marketing
D. Making multiple investments in a similar space to improve the outcomes of success
AB


What does it mean to say that human rights are inalienable? (Select two.)

A. Inalienable rights are inherent in all human beings.
B. Inalienable rights cannot be taken away except in extreme circumstances.
C. Inalienable rights are conditional.
D. Inalienable rights are derived from tradition.
AB


What is theTuring test used for?(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. To test whether an Al system is availobility. 

B. To test whether an Al system is trustworthy. 

C. To test whether an Al system is capoble of tricking a person into thinking it's another person. 

D. To test whether an Al system is capable of thinking like a human being

D


How do AI and other data-driven technologies use probability?

A. By determining the objective likelihood of some event happening
B. By providing a model of belief about the likelihood of some event happening
C. By guaranteeing that some event will occur with 100% likelihood
D. By estimating the likelihood of some event happening without input data
B


Which of the following are consequences of saying that someone or something has moral agency? (Select two.)(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. The moral agent is capable of determining right and wrong.

B. The moral agent can be held responsible for their actions.

C. The moral agent acts in a morally correct manner.

D. The moral agent follows a deontological code of ethics.

AB


What is ambient intelligence?

A. Linked IOT technology that conducts covert surveillance for the govermment on the people within its environment.
B. Linked IOT technology that always on and acting to personalize the experience for the people within its environment
C. Linked IOT technology that collects and stores data about a home or office
environment.
D. Linked IOT technology that collects and stores data about campus environment.
B


Which of the following describe important aspects in the role of an ethical AI engineer? (Select two.)(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. Building and maintaining computational hardware.

B. Writing new equations to express intelligence.

C. Keeping up with the latest developments and vulnerabilities.

D. Cleaning and sorting data, and auditing for bias.

CD


Which of the following describe important aspects of why emerging technologies are so capable and powerful? (Select two.)

A. They can automate very complex operations.
B. They may be able to self-improve by learning from data.
C. They are exciting and captivating to many people.
D. They can displace workers by performing their jobs more efficiently.
AB


Which of the following are desired qualities when choosing a spokesperson for your organization? (Select two.)(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. Defensive when challenged with difficult situations

B. Patient when addressing tough questions or concerns

C. Lighthearted when dealing with serious topics

D. Articulate when communicating important details

BD


In which of the following could STRIDE or VAST classifications be applied?

A. Network optimization tools
B. Black box mitigation methods
C. Bias mitigation techniques
D. Threat modeling or analysis tools
D


Management asks someone to do a data-related task. Which of the following would likely be ethically problematic? (Select two.)

A. Aggregate data together.
B. Change data to another format.
C. Manipulate data or alter its interpretation.
D. Delete any erroneous data.
CD


Which of the following describes ethics washing?(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. No attempt is made towards genuine ethical action.

B. Superficial promises are replaced by genuine ethical action.

C. Genuine ethical action is used to wash over previous mistakes.

D. Genuine ethical action gets replaced by superficial promises.

D


If you were faced with an AI system that identifies exactly what individuals will be infected in a pandemic of a novel disease before the first case occurs, what kind of Al is this?(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. Narrow Al

B. General Al

C. Basic Al

D. Superintelligence

D


How can the human resources department help build an ethical organizational culture?(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. Hiring candidates based on their technical skills.

B. Hiring candidates based on their soft skills.

C. Hiring candidates based on their culture fit.

D. Hiring candidates based on their leadership skills.

C


You plan on streamlining your company's product experience, but you also want to uphold the agency and autonomy of your users. Which of the following actions would uphold these principles? (Select two.)

A. Enabling government agencies to have a personalized interface with software
B. Refraining from guiding users into something they didn't wish for or intend
C. Respecting the right of the user to choose and customize their experiences
D. Applying machine intelligence to simulate customer behavior
BC


You have collected social media posts with a specific hashtag for an analysis of the words used in the post.

What kind of data is that?(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. Unstructured

B. Structured

C. Semi-Structured

D. Data Structured

A


Which of the following, by itself, qualifies as personally identifiable information (PII)?

A. Temperature readings for an office building
B. A user's customer ID in an online ordering system
C. System events added to a log
D. A user's home address
D


What percentage of frameworks include transparency?

A. 75%
B. 95%
C. 85%
D. 50%
C
(transparency: 85%
core: 50%)


What percentage of frameworks include privacy as core tenet?

A. 25%
B. 50%
C. 99%
D. 85%
B
(transparency: 85%
core: 50%)


Which of the following measures is best suited for reporting results to an audience?(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. Mode

B. Variance

C. Standard deviation

D. Median

C


Which of the following are examples of how AI can limit human autonomy? (Select two.)(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. Weapon systems can limit human autonomy as humans may not have decision-making capability or understand the decision making.

B. AI systems might impact certain vulnerable groups such as the elderly and children differently than the rest of the population, which could limit those groups' autonomy.

C. AI systems can assist individuals with automated, repetitive, or dangerous tasks.

D. AI systems can perform tasks that humans cannot, such as processing millions of data records in a matter of seconds.

AB


When it comes to protecting private data, which of the following could be the root cause of a problem?(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. The data was leaked online.

B. The data was stored insecurely.

C. The data was deleted from storage.

D. The data was broken.

B


The endorsement of which of the following types of stakeholder is most critical when developing mission and vision statements?(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. Customers

B. C-suite executives

C. Employees

D. Department heads

C


Which of the following are objectives of a forensic analysis?

A. To inform stakeholders that an incident has occurred.
B. To determine what occurred in an incident.
C. To identify who or what is responsible for an incident.
D. To mitigate the effects of an incident.
BC


If your company need to do the same analysis as new data comes in every month, what is the best term to describe that process?(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. Workflow

B. Swimland

C. Use case

D. Pipeline

D


What does the acronym SIEM stand for in a cybersecurity context?

A. Social, interpersonal, empathic, mental
B. Serial input to externalized modulation
C. Selective information extrapolation methods
D. Security information and event management
D


How to you create an ethical organizational culture?(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. Button-up communication about company values.

B. Top-down communication about company values.

C. Having documents that describe the company's values.

D. Transparency about company values.

D


Which of the following are likely benefits of having defined organizational policies? (Select two.)(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. It supports consistency of behavior and unification of culture.

B. It supports accountability and makes it more explicit.

C. It supports improved sales and marketing results.

D. It supports profitable research innovations and intellectual property.

AB


Which of the following is a reason to periodically update a code of ethics document?(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. It is a fiduciary and regulatory responsibility for the organization to do so.

B. It reinforces the presence of the code of ethics in the minds of the employees.

C. It allows you to capture the evolving nature of the ethical risks of the product or service that you are developing.

D. It signals that you care about ethics to internal and external stakeholders.

C


Your Vice President of Sales decides to add more sales representatives for the summer based on analyses of sales trends over the last five years. What level of information is she acting on?(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. Wisdom

B. Knowledge

C. Information

D. Data

A


Why is corporate governance important when thinking about ethical considerations for the development of data-driven technologies?

A. It helps the organization showcase to its customers that it has ethical guidelines.
B. It binds the employees in a moral code that limits the kind of actions they can engage in.
C. It provides an accountability framework for stakeholders of the organization to prevent ethical violations.
D. It helps the organization have a document to point towards in case an ethical violation occurs.
C


When your collected data doesn't accurately reflect the full environment, you're experiencing(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. prejudice bias

B. observer bias

C. exclusion bias

D. sample bias

D


Which type of entity are the OECD Principles on Artificial Intelligence mostly geared towards?

A. Municipal governments
B. Private corporations
C. National governments
D. Individuals
C


Which of the following is a reason to engage external stakeholders during the development of internal and external ethics policies ?

A. It can be used as an opportunity to demonstrate your ethical standpoints with both internal and external stakeholders.
B. It can unearth new insights for how the products and services might be used in the target demographic community.
C. It acts as a shielding mechanism for accountability in case an ethical violation occurs in the future.
D. It helps to reinforce the cultural and contextual values of the employees by getting external validation.
B


What is one of the recommendations for governments?(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. Promote human values.

B. Promote transparency in AI.

C. Promote international cooperation.

D. Promote collaboration.

C


Why are environmental concerns important to consider in the ethical development of data-driven technologies?(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. Data-driven technologies directly impact the environment through the invasive mining of resources to create the technologies.

B. Data-driven technologies can cause secondary, indirect, or cumulative effects on the environment that might impact people in the long term.

C. Data-driven technologies directly impact the environment through pollution.

D. Data-driven technologies directly impact living things via displacement.

B


Why is it important to maintain public trust?(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. Trust, once lost, is difficult to regain.

B. Trust is required to avoid legal pitfalls.

C. Trust can be used against the organization.

D. Trust is the new trend of organization.

A


Which of the following is a good example of a feedback loop in machine learning?(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. A shopping app surfaces new items to buy, which is based on dataset from customers fitting a similar profile. When you buy, you go into that dataset

B. A shopping app tracks your purchases, and recommends new things to buy

C. A social media site tracks engagement, uses an algorithm to surface posts you're likely to engage with, which then goes back into the algorithm

D. A social media site surfaces controversial posts, which make users more angry and lead to more angry posts on the network

C


K-anonymity in a dataset is achieved when each individual cannot be

A. distinguished from at least K individuals who are also in the dataset
B. reidentified in K datasets
C. hidden from a quasi-identifier column as long as K individuals belong
D. harmed from datasets with K individuals belonging to the sensitive class
A


What shared principle from ethical frameworks in intellectual property often at odds with?(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. privacy

B. Safety

C. Security

D. Transparency/ explainability

D


What is the function of a red team in a penetration testing exercise?

A. To conduct the simulated attacks.
B. To defend against the simulated attacks.
C. To officiate the simulated attacks.
D. To disable the attacks.
A


Which of the following is an adequate definition of a stakeholder?

A. All internal employees.
B. All internal employees and external customers.
C. All people who have an impact or are impacted by the organization.
D. All people in the company.
C


A hospital dataset protects whether an individual has had either a stroke, heart attack, or staph infection. The individual may still be harmed via dataset(073-356-8678)

A. group inclusion

B. privacy columns

C. k-anonymity

D. security issues

A


In presenting an audit report, a researcher would(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. prevent the model from launching

B. score the weight of input attributes on output

C. de-bias the results

D. re-train the model

B


How can a visual contract be easier to understand than a written contract?

A. The use of pictures is more accessible to all people, whereas a written contract may be difficult for someone with a reading disability to understand.

B. The use of pictures without any text makes it easier for most people to comprehend the details of a contract.

C. The use of pictures with simple text makes it easier for the layperson to understand the details of a contract.

D. The use of pictures explains the contract in greater detail than a written contract, making it easier for anyone to understand the particulars.
C


Which of the following are important to provide to a crisis communication team? (Select two.)(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. Permission to tell the public what they want to hear

B. Access to adequate resources

C. Clear direction on the roles and responsibilities of team members

D. The ability to work independently of the crisis management team

BC


Which of the following best describes what an algorithm is?

A. a recipe that a computer uses to solve problems
B. a type of process a human uses to write down what steps need to happen to get a problem solved
C. a type of computer that calculates problem-solving methods
D. a list of ingredients a computer uses to generate problems to solve
A


The Data minimization principle requires that you limit data collection to only what is(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. necessary for differential privacy

B. optional for a chain of command

C. needed to have k-anonymity

D. required to fulfill a specific purpose

D


How do anonymized datasets fall short of their goal of being anonymous?

A. Anonymized datasets can be re-identifyed by anyone holding the hash key
B. Anonymized datasets aren't actually anonymous because many of the data fields can identify a user
C. Anonymized datasets can be traced back to the individuals by looking at their browsing history in the app
D. Anonymized datasets can be combined with other datasets, which can re-identify individuals
D


Which of the following is a reason to engage in a comprehensive information gathering phase before drafting your internal and external ethics policies?

A. It helps to collect reaffirming evidence for your own ethical beliefs.
B. It saves you effort if you just copy the existing ethics policies from other organizations.
C. It helps to unearth best practices from peers in the industry.
D. It provides examples of possible ethical pitfalls that the organization should avoid.
C


Which of the following are useful strategies for communicating ethical risks to the organization? (Select two.)(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. Provide information only when solicited

B. Disseminate information in multiple formats

C. Communicate information through a single voice

D. Communicate information in real time

BD


The Strava dataset example illustrates that while differential privacy can protect individuals, it can still harm_____

A. Researchers
B. those outside the dataset
C. certain individuals
D. groups
D


Why is it important to consider Goodhart's law?(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. A model might optimize one metric at the expense of others.

B. A model might be ineffective in its application domain.

C. A model might change its task from classification to regression, or vice versa.

D. A model very famous and can be apply to all domain.

A


Which of the following describes the purpose of a STEEPV analysis?

A. To perform a strategic analysis of user needs and behaviors.
B. To perform a strategic analysis of how bias can manifest in AI products.
C. To perform a strategic analysis of how internal office politics impact business operations.
D. To perform a strategic analysis of how external environments impact business operations.
D


In 2019,_____% of equity-futures and cash-equity trades were executed by algorithms(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. 1-5%

B. 80-90%

C. 20-30%

D. 11-17%

B


Once a dataset has been cleaned, which accuracy guideline ensures your model is looking at the problem correctly?(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. Objective summarization

B. Domain expertise

C. Dataset verification

D. First principles

B


What's the difference between a basic and learning algorithm?

A. A basic algorithm takes an input, while a learning algorithm takes an input and gets an output

B. A basic algorithm takes an input and gets an output, while a learning algorithm takes multiple inputs and gets multiple outputs

C. A basic algorithm takes an input, gets an output, while a learning algorithm takes multiple inputs and gets multiple outputs

D. An basic algorithm takes an input and gets an output, while a learning algorithm uses the output on the next input
D


How is culture building workshop different from ethics training?

A. Culture-building workshops teaches people how to integrate company values into daily practice, while ethics training teaches the company values.

B. Culture-building workshops teach the company values, while ethics training teaches people how to integrate company values into daily practice.
A


If we know one group's worthiness score has been artificially inflated, one solution for fairness is to(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. creating separate decision thresholds for each group

B. remove that group from the dataset

C. balance the error rate by prioritizing the other group

D. Add the inflation to the other data

A


Which of the following Python tools is designed to integrate with Google's Cloud AI platform?(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. LIME

B. What-If

C. ELI5

D. SHAP

B


Why is it important to engage stakeholders at the beginning of the ethical risk management process?(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. It proves that you are completely equipped to address any ethical risks in your data-driven systems.

B. It demonstrates that the organization is committed to accountability and transparency in their data-driven systems.

C. It helps the organization avoid legal trouble during the development and deployment of data-driven systems.

D. It lets stakeholders know that the organization cannot address ethical risks in data-driven systems without input from stakeholders first.

B


Which of the following are useful strategies for communicating ethical risks to the individual? (Select two.)

A. Ensure individuals feel that they have input into the process
B. Ensure individuals understand the specific details of each risk they are affected by
C. Communicate to individuals proactively rather than reactively
D. Inform individuals of how they are obligated to mitigate risks to themselves
AC


Which of the following are useful strategies for communicating ethical risks to society? (Select two.)(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. Ensure communication policies are diverse, inclusive, and equitable

B. Provide access to information on a need-to-know basis

C. Limit the flow of information to one direction: organization to public

D. Be culturally sensitive and culturally aware during communication

AD


Plausible deniability refers to the ability of the individual to _

A. doubt the results of a study
B. claim their score was randomized response
C. express their participation in a study
D. remove themselves from a machine leaning dataset
B


Which of the following are challenges that can arise if you fail to communicate about the social impact of ethical risks (select two.)

A. Decreased corporate revenue
B. Reduced of brand loyalty
C. Disenfranchisement
D. Erosion of rights
CD


A ___ model can still be unfair even though it won't explicitly know which groups are being inputted into the system(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. blind attribute

B. single attribute

C. false-negative optimized

D. biased training

A


The nature of a predictive model may reveal____

A. the ethics of the individual inputs
B. the researchers behind it
C. the data it is trained on
D. the algorithm's bias
C


The tendency to only seek attributes in existing collected data is known as

A. exclusion bias
B. observer bias
C. availability bias
D. prejudice bias
C


What is a culture of appreciation?(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. An incentive structure that encourages all top directors to identify people who deserve a reward for behaving ethically

B. An incentive structure that encourages managers to identify people who deserve a reward for behaving ethically

C. An incentive structure that encourages external stakeholders to identify people who deserve a reward for behaving ethically

D. An incentive structure that encourages all employees to identify people who deserve a reward for behaving ethically

D


Which of the following ethical considerations should have priority in an emergency situation like the use of contact-tracing solutions during a pandemic? (Select two.)(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. Privacy

B. Bias

C. Explainability

D. Accountability

AD


Which of the following is a notable aspect of the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (PIPEDA) when compared to similar laws and regulations?

A. Its exclusive focus on a single domain rather than a breadth of domains
B. Its nationwide scope and specific national focus
C. A stipulation to continue providing service even if data usage is denied
D. The early date of its inauguration
C


Which of the following is one explanation for why cognitive biases exist?

A. We use them to help remember things.
B. We receive too much information and are overloaded.
C. They are taught to us in school.
D. They help us think logically instead of emotionally.
B


What is the benefit of hosting a virtual reality press conference over a traditional in-person press conference?(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. The conference can be interactive without the participants needing to be co-located.

B. The participants will be impressed by your leveraging of new and exciting technologies.

C. It will be easier to communicate your overall message to your audience.

D. The conference will be easily accessible to all willing participants.

A


How could a board of ethics be an example of ethic washing?

A. If it has no power to institute change.
B. If it has a large number of stakeholders.
C. If it has a wide variety of stakeholders.
D. If it has a narrow list of values to guide its decisions.
A


Which of the following describe a process of cross-correlation of data? (Select two.)

A. Discovering new information via inference
B. Comparing people of different demographic groups
C. Analysing an individual's emotional stimulus and response patterns
D. Comparing multiple data points or sets
AD


The optimistic view of general AI could be accurately summarized as AI as a ____(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. peace-keeping tool

B. weapon

C. utility

D. human right

C


For a model to make decisions that involve human life, the model needs

A. programmed reflexive decision making ability
B. a list of bias tests to run against possible wrong outcomes
C. enough computing power to make correct predictions 100% of the time
D. a moral code of reasoning and priorities
D


A major downside to k-anonymity is that re-identification is possible with

A. sensitive columns
B. multiple datasets
C. expanding k values
D. database leaks
B


Which expression best characterizes what a company or organizational culture is?(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. "It is what it is."

B. "This is how things are done around here."

C. "This is what we're told to do."

D. "This is how we want this done."

B


Which of the following describes the goal of integrity when it comes to cybersecurity?

A Ensuring that data hasn't been modified without authorization.
B. Ensuring that data is not changed
C. Ensuring that data is accessible to those who need it.
D. Ensuring that data is kept private.
A


In machine learning, what do we plot on the X,Y axis to determine a pareto curve?(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. Rejection rate, false-positive rate

B. Rejection rate, subgroup fairness rate

C. Error rate, true positive rate

D. Error rate, rejection rate

D


Why is it important to include stakeholders from diverse areas of business when identifying risk?

A. It includes more perspectives, which can lead to better risk identification.
B. It give you an opportunity to identify technology as risk.
C. It is e legal requirement in many jurisdictions.
D. It give you an opportunity to identify people as risk.
A


"Companies have an obligation to their shareholders" is part of a view that sees artificial intelligence as(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. a gimmick for enterprises, unless general intelligence is achieved

B. an overall good for humanity, no matter the consequences

C. a harmful tool that will bring about the end of capitalism

D. just another tool that accelerates research, like online advertising

D


Which of the following is often in opposition to moral relativism?

A. Customs and conventions
B. Evidence-based policy
C. Subjective perspectives
D. Cultural mores
B


Which of the following are important ethical elements to safeguard within ethical AI systems? (Select two.)

A. The number of layers, tensors, or parameters used in a model.
B. Performance and optimization.
C. Transparency and explainability, balanced with privacy.
D. Accountability and management of bias.
CD


What side effect of learning algorithms creates an ethical dilemma for its users?(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. Learning algorithms require government regulation, which is bad for software developers

B. Learning algorithms require large datasets, which means storing identifying information about users

C. Learning algorithms are costly to run, which drives up prices for consumer services

D. Learning algorithms require large amounts of computing power, which is bad for the environment

B


Group outcomes being improved through explainable recommendation systems is an example of using _______ to modify outcomes

A. competition
B. privacy
C. government
D. game theory
D


A state where resources cannot be reallocated to make one individual better off without making at least one individual worse off is known as a

A. boron letter
B. aggregate curve
C. prisoner's dilemma
D. pareto efficiency
D


Our goals for building an ethical predictive model include making sure the results are(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. accurate, fair and explainable

B. precise, methodical, ethical

C. accurate, precise, fair

D. precise, explainable, predictable

A


When building a predictive model, what is the goal of the deployment phase?

A. To use the model in real-life predictions, monitoring the error rate and accuracy
B. To get the model to accept new inputs, train, and repeat training until it finds a better curve
C. To specify the type of algorithm the model should use and make sure the data is cleaned/formatted
D. To plug in 40% of your dataset, testing the model's accuracy
A


A training set based on feeding 60% of data, validating on 20% of data, and then designing multiple tests for the remaining 20% of data is referred to as an

A. false positive set
B. predictive training set
C. classic training set
D. optimized training set
D


An algorithm that takes an input, tries 10 different sorting techniques, and uses the best fit on the next 100 inputs is best described as a(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. explicit algorithm

B. learning algorithm

C. data algorithm

D. implicit algorithm

B


What is one possible reason a model may predict a higher crime rate based on datasets used?

A. The model's training curve was not provided enough data
B. If drug arrests are historically high in that area, the model may correlate crime with areas of high drug use based on the datasets
C. If crime is down in an area, a model may predict a parabolic curve which estimates crime is due to rise again
D. If a dataset isn't properly formatted, crime may be linked to the error function, outputting false data
B


One way to counter a potential adversarial algorithm is by

A. banning model updates
B. changing the datasets
C. limiting precise outputs
D. improving model transparency
C


A benefit of glass-box models is that if an attribute is skewing the fairness of a decision, a human agent may choose to(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. alert the team

B. trust it

C. ignore it

D. re-run the algorithm without it

D


Which of the following are important factors to consider when developing a media campaign? (Select two.)

A. The effect the campaign has on the organization's bottom line
B. The environment in which the campaign will be launched
C. The risks that will be talked about in the campaign
D. The time-sensitive nature of communication in the campaign
BD


GDPR states that "Personal data shall be adequate, relevant and __________ in relation to the purpose or purposes for which they are processed."

A. broadly applicable
B. highly specified
C. not excessive
D. thoroughly vetted
C


Which type of kurtosis is most likely to indicate the strong presence of outliers?(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. Mesokurtic

B. Platykurtic

C. Leptokurtic

D. Repokurtic

C


Which of the following is a recommended security practice for machine learning datasets?(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. Enact a sound data governance structure

B. Ensure your team is full of different perspectives

C. Create a chain of command

D. Perform threat modeling with beneficial algorithms

A


What is the black box problem?

A. When a model is deployed, but researchers are unable to figure out why it's making decisions
B. The problem created when researchers don't create accurate attributes for a model
C. The issue of not having enough data to accurately train a model
D. When a model cannot accurately judge shape or color of objects due to missing data
A


When used in recommendation engines, explainable algorithms can help answer the question of ____(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. who?

B. what?

C. why?

D. how?

C


Ethical models are _________

A. precise, explainable, and fair
B. precise, explainable, and private
C. accurate, explainable, and fair
D. accurate, methodical, and fair
C


What is a likely outcome for a weather app using a learning algorithm to figure out where to put their future weather stations?

A. Storing data in an AWS instance with all weather stations in the country
B. Accessing weather forecasts from local broadcasts
C. Collecting location data every time the app is opened, potentially learning where a user lives, works, etc.
D. Collecting weather data every time the app is opened, knowing the temperature where the app is being used
C


In a classification model that determines whether or not a customer qualifies for a coupon, a significantly lower percentage of males qualified than females. Which of the following types of discrimination does this outcome potentially represent?(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. Disparate impact

B. Disparate treatment

C. Disparate non-impact

D. Disparate mistreatment

A


A model that makes more mistakes by moving its decision threshold down 40% of its worthiness metric will be potentially

A. fairer but less accurate
B. less fair but more accurate
C. less accurate and less fair
D. more accurate and fairer
A


Which of these steps follows the most logical order for a low-to-high sorting algorithm?(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. 1. Scan to find the smallest number

2. Set to 0 in the index in the output array

3. Remove that number from the input array

B. 1. Scan to find the largest number

2. Set to 0 in the index in the output array

3. Remove that number from the input array

4. Repeat steps 1-3, but add 1 to the index number for each loop

C. 1. Scan to find the smallest number

2. Set the length of the array in the index in the output array

3. Remove that number from the input

4. Repeat steps 1-3, but add 1 to the index number for each loop

D. 1. Scan to find the smallest number

2. Set to 0 in the index in the output array

3. Remove that number from the input array

4. Repeat steps 1-3, but add 1 to the index number for each loop

D


What is the purpose of what-if scenario planning sessions?(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. The purpose of what-if scenario planning sessions is to think critically about potential best-case scenaros so you can decide whether or not to proceed with a project.

B. The purpose of what-if scenario planning sessions is to think critically about the mistakes so you can identify what should do after your company has an ethical violation.

C. The purpose of what-if scenario planning sessions is to think critically about potential worst-case scenarios so you can decide whether or not to proceed with a project.

D. The purpose of what-if scenario planning sessions is to think critically about the tradeoffs between company values and business needs so you can decide how to proceed.

B


To uphold transparency and explainability, communication about data-driven technologies should be....

A. Clear, concise, and coherent.
B. Complex, convincing, and contained.
C. Caring, consistent, and creative.
D. Long, complex and iterative.
A


In reverse-engineering a double coin flip differential model, what would be the amount of truthful "yes/no" responses in our dataset?

A. 25%
B. 50%
C. 100%
D. 75%
D


Which of the following is a negative consequence of a predictive model used in real life?

A. A model used by a bank wrongly predicts a person will not be able to pay off a loan
B. A model used by a lab wrongly predicts a person will not be able to pay their credit card
C. A model used by a lab indicates a person is in danger
D. A model used by a bank accurately predicts a person will not be able to pay off a loan
D


At which level of differential privacy is the outcome secured from even the people collecting answers?
A. premium
B. global
C. k-anonymous
D. local
D


A "purposefully biased" algorithm used to identify unfair attributes is known as

A. a discriminatory algorithm
B. an adversarial algorithm
C. an aggregate algorithm
D. a predictive model
B


What does the acronym RACI stand for?(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. Relatable, Agreeable, Commendable, Irascible

B. Redesignable, Accessible, Collected, Informative

C. Responsible, Accessible, Consulted, Improvised

D. Responsible, Accountable, Consulted, Informed

D


How are predictive models used in hedge funds?(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. they provide predictions to shareholders to estimate returns

B. they aid researchers by forecasting financial collapse

C. they predict whether people will be able to pay off loans, and then provide loans

D. they predict future movement of stocks and find points to exploit the market moving in either direction

D


A ________ is when a model is validated by it's own influence on predictions

A. training set error
B. self-fulfilling prediction
C. dataset scrub
D. false prediction set
B


Fairness in machine learning can protect groups from bias, but can still harm

A. training datasets
B. individuals within those groups
C. researchers
D. future models
B


Which of the following are prerequisites for high-level digital security and trust mechanisms? (Select two.)(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. Authorization

B. Kindness

C. Authentication

D. Reputation

AC


Which of the following best describes beneficence?

A. Beneficence is a term coined by IBM that relates to their Green Horizons initiative in 2014.
B. Beneficence is the promotion of efficient systems that perform rapidly and benefit companies.
C. Beneficence is the promotion of well-being for moral agents like humans.
D. Beneficence is the promotion of well-being, not just for moral agents like humans, but of animals, the environment, and societies.
D


A predictive model's false negative result can be defined as

A. the predicted result was positive, and the actual result was negative
B. the predicted result was negative, and the actual result was positive
C. the predicted result was positive, and the actual result was positive
D. the predicted result was negative, and the actual result was negative
B


Which of the following should be conducted as part of a risk communication strategy in order to ensure the organization is upholding its regulatory obligations? (NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. Business impact assessment (BIA)

B. Ethical risk review

C. Public relations campaign

D. Compliance audit

D


What can be learned from a predictive model should not change if the _________ is either included or excluded in the training set

A. individual's data
B. biased dataset
C. model fairness score
D. dataset filter
A


An example of a public dataset at risk of an algorithmic privacy violation is the

A. Fidelity Bank lending dataset
B. Google search view dataset
C. Google Maps satellite view dataset
D. Stanford hospital dataset
C


In fixing the Word2Vec model, we have an advantage over a traditional black box model in that(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. we have access to the training data

B. we can decide which inputs to use

C. we can generate a fairness score

D. we can see the decision-making model

A


Which of the following software development principles is essential in the real-world deployment of AI-enabled software applications in critical scenarios like self-driving cars?

A. Robustness to adversarial examples
B. Continuous integration and deployment of patch updates
C. Version control of the AI models deployed
D. Architectural design analysis
A


What kind of shape does a normal distribution take on when plotted in histogram?(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. Tail shape

B. Square shape

C. Bell shape

D. Tree shape

C


During cross-validation, which of the following dataset splits is used to tune the performance of a model?

A. Training set
B. Test set
C. Validation test
D. Unit test
C


Why is it important to take a proactive approach to addressing liability issues?

A. The law often lags behind innovation.
B. The law is not always applied consistently.
C. The law is not always clear.
D. The law often difficult to understand.
A


Which of the following are important steps to document during an auditing process? (Select two.)(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. Provide significant advance notice before an audit.

B. Specify a purpose for the audit or an agenda to be covered.

C. Specify and document what precisely is being audited.

D. Document the audit procedures to be followed.

CD


Which of the following is a misuse of intellectual property (IP) when it comes to ethical accountability for an organization?(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. Filing a patent for the IP that makes non-obvious information known to the public.

B. Enhancing the security posture of a product or service.

C. Using IP as a defensive mechanism to eschew transparency requirements.

D. Collecting returns on investments made in research and development.

C


Which of the following can help mitigate unwillingness to accept feedback?

A. Engage in cultural awareness and cultural sensitivity.
B. Create and participate in a risk culture.
C. Communicate the importance of feedback in refining a product.
D. Communicate regularly about the culture values.
C


In a complex learning function, we will understand the ____, but not the ____

A. inputs/outputs, algorithm
B. causal link, correlation
C. algorithm, cause and effect
D. input data, output data
A


A fact of learning algorithms is that(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. even if you haven't shared an direct datapoint about yourself, with enough related datapoints the algorithm can make an educated guess with alarming accuracy

B. just because they are capable of improving outputs, they don't need more inputs

C. they only learn when given small amounts of data, and without the proper training sample, the results can be wildly inaccurate

D. they cannot make predictions with current technology

A


The Netflix prize privacy scandal is an example of reidentification through

A. k-anonymity
B. database leaks
C. sensitive columns
D. multiple datasets
D


A type of artificial intelligence that outperforms humans in some defined task is known as
A. General AI
B. AEI
C. Special AI
D. Narrow AI
D
(some defined -> Narrow AI
all tasks -> General AI)


A type of artificial intelligence that outperforms humans in all tasks is known as(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. Specific AI

B. Outwit AI

C. Encompassing AI

D. General AI

D
(some defined -> Narrow AI
all tasks -> General AI)


Why is it impractical to protect all possible subgroups in predictive models?

A. Fairness scores won't be high enough to be reasonable
B. Accuracy will be lowered beyond a reasonable rate
C. There won't be enough data to reflect each subgroup
D. Individuals do not need protection from predictive models
B


Delete unused data __________ is a method of data minimization

A. early and often
B. before threat modeling
C. before modeling
D. after fairness preparations
A


Which of the following risk categories deals with stakeholder responsibility in creating and using data-driven technologies?(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. Explainability

B. Accountability

C. Transparency

D. Understandability

B


Why is fair competition an important ethical consideration for data-driven technology businesses?

A. Fair competition prevents predatory pricing
B. Fair competition builds user trust in technology as a whole.
C. Fair competition provides products choice to users.
D. Fair competition provides service choice to users.
B


Model inputs of address with "City + State" as separate inputs from a dataset would violate which accuracy guideline?

A. No correlating data
B. Domain expertise
C. First principles
D. Objective summarization
A


A good example of cultural reflection in training data is(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. an image recognition model selects one face over another based on sample data

B. a model selects for one demographic less often because of their historical representation

C. a predictive model incorporates training data from a variety of sources

D. a model fails to recognize cultural differences due to incorrect attributes

B


Which of the following are requirements set forth by the Biometric Information Privacy Act (BIPA)? (Select two.)

A. Organizations must obtain consent from individuals regarding the collection and use of biometric data.
B. Organizations must store biometric data in local, on-premises databases.
C. Organizations must destroy biometric data in a timely fashion.
D. Organizations must not transmit biometric data across an unsecured network like the Internet.
AC


To measure a predictive model's accuracy, you

A. multiply the number of total predictions by the percentage of correct predictions
B. divide the number of correct predictions by the total number of predictions
C. divide the number of predictions by the total dataset
D. measure the ratio of the model's error curve
B


Pseudocode can best be defined as(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. an explainable description of code that is meant for humans, not computers

B. a middle ground between code and plain writing that can be fed into a computer

C. a type of Javascript that is both human and machine-readable

D. a Python library for machine learning

A


An unfair model will by nature

A. try to balance groups automatically
B. optimize for making the fewest decisions
C. optimize for making the fewest mistakes
D. optimize for making the most errors
C


What is the purpose of change management in terms of creating an ethical organizational culture?
A. To create a fast transition through training.
B. To create a management transition.
C. To create a smooth transition.
D. To create a slow transition through training.
C


Which of the following types of bias emerges when the same data is sampled over and over again, limiting a model's perspective?(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. Temporal bias

B. Implicit bias

C. Confirmation bias

D. Reinforcement bias

D


SSL, TLS, and SSH are all forms of...

A. Media codecs
B. Version control systems
C. Encryption protocols
D. Computer forensics tools
C


How can AI uphold justice?

A. The more AI-based products being used in the justice system, the more justice can be upheld.
B. AI systems can be designed from the start to help promote fairness and minimize bias.
C. AI systems can replace human judges, who are often biased.
D. AI can automate many of the clerical tasks involved in the justice system.
B


Game theory states that outcomes that are best for _____ can be obscured by outcomes best for ______(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. the model, the individual

B. the group, the dataset

C. the dataset, the model

D. the group, the individual

D


A _____ model is preferred by businesses because they see less competition as a benefit

A. black box
B. ethical
C. fair
D. precise
A


Which of the following describes the purpose of a business impact assessment (BIA)?(073-356-8678)

A. It helps you predict business interruptions and develop recovery strategies.

B. It helps you identify what risks you can accept or transfer to third party.

C. It help you evaluate how a product or service could fail to apply ethical values to a s

D. It helps you identify what risks you can accept or transfer to your customers.

A


Dating algorithms become biased mostly through offering users _________

A. access to separate data models
B. unlimited matches per day
C. collaborative filtering
D. different ways to match with users
C


What's the difference between a basic and complex learning algorithm?

A. A basic algorithm can handle simple inputs like numbers, while a complex algorithm can handle complex inputs like pictures
B. A basic algorithm cannot process more than 5 steps in a function, while a complex algorithm can process up to 15
C. A basic algorithm has a set amount of choices to optimize for, while a complex algorithm is given the freedom to find its own model
D. A basic algorithm cannot use computer vision, while a complex algorithm can
C


A dataset attribute that is not identifiable but constitutes data about the individual that needs to be protected is known as a(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. quasi-identifier

B. explicitly private column

C. sensitive column

D. non-sensitive column

C


What is the primary purpose of obtaining feedback about an ethical crisis?

A. To demonstrate compliance
B. To make operational improvements
C. To appeases concerned stakeholders
D. To motivate internal personnel
B


What is the Turing test used for?

A. To test whether an AI system is capable of tricking a person into thinking it's ar
B. To test whether an AI system is capable of thinking like a human being.
C. To test whether an AI system is trustworthy.
D. To test whether an AI system is availability.
B


An adversarial model relies on using __________ to observe different outputs

A. pressure inputs
B. algorithm detection
C. sensitive columns
D. perturbed inputs
D


One way to avoid feedback loops in machine learning is to

A. investigate exclusion bias
B. scrub datasets after each decision
C. destroy previous training data
D. label outputs to prevent re-training bias
D


An example of automation bias is(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. using scraped twitter data over survey data

B. using biased survey data instead of parsed survey data

C. using parsed twitter data over parsed Facebook data

D. using new data over existing data

A


The explainable AI movement states that cooperation between agents, in this case, algorithms and humans, depends on which of the following?

A. human rights
B. trust
C. competition
D. privacy
B


Which of the following communication tactics help uphold transparency and explainability from the customer perspective? (Select two.)

A. Providing guidelines for how customers can keep their private data secure when using data-driven systems.
B. Providing information about data-driven systems in simple, easy-to-understand terms.
C. Providing in-depth white papers on the algorithms that underlie data-driven systems.
D. Providing prompt responses to customer questions about the decisions made by data-driven systems.
BD


A predictive model's true positive result can be defined as

A. the predicted result was positive, and the actual result was negative
B. the predicted result was negative, and the actual result was positive
C. the predicted result was positive, and the actual result was positive
D. the predicted result was negative, and the actual result was negative
C


_____ algorithms are a challenge to explainable AI, as their complexity makes it difficult to weigh attribute importance(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. deep learning

B. explainable

C. ethical

D. malicious

A


Which of the following are fundamental risk management tasks? (Select two.)

A. Mitigation
B. Authentication
C. Compliance
D. Identification
AD


Which of the following are best practices for incorporating inclusive design in AI projects? (Select two.)

A. Leverage customer input to reduce bias.
B. Consider bias a spectrum.
C. Keep machines and humans separate.
D. Solve for many, extend to one.
AB


When building a predictive model, what is the goal of the develop phase?

A. To get the model to accept new inputs, train, and repeat training until it finds a better curve
B. To specify the type of algorithm the model should use and make sure the data is cleaned/formatted
C. To plug in 40% of your dataset, testing the model's accuracy
D. To get the model's error function below an acceptable percentage
A


When building a predictive model, what is the goal of the training phase?

A. To adjust training methods from backpropagation to supervised learning to see how that affects outputs
B. To use the model in real-world scenarios, monitoring performance
C. To adjust the model based on a subset of data, optimizing for a lower error rate
D. To specify the type of algorithm the model should use and make sure the data is cleaned/formatted
C


Which of the following describes the black box problem in AI?

A. It is difficult to understand the nature of data being used to train an AI model.
B. It is difficult to understand how or why an Al system made a particular decision.
C. It is difficult to understand the results that come from an AI system.
D. It is difficult to understand the reports that generate by an AI system.
B


Your organization has developed an AI system that recommends treatments for hospital patients. Some questions have been raised about the ethics of how these treatments are determined. What applied ethics domain do these concerns fall under?(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. Environmental ethics

B. Business ethics

C. Bioethics

D. Engineering ethics

C


Which of the following is a type of technology contract that establishes the goals of both parties and describes how those goals will be achieved?(073-356-8678)

A. Software as a Service (SaaS)

B. Service-level agreement (SLA)

C. Terms of Service (ToS)

D. End-user license agreement (EULA)

B


Unknown Unknowns refer to

A. being unsure about the morals of the research team
B. an uncertainty of how the data is gathered
C. lack of explainability and what a model is actually looking at to make it's prediction
D. facing unknown empirical data with an incomplete dataset
C


Which type of fairness fails to address merit while maintaining accuracy?

A. equality of prediction rate
B. statistical parity
C. equality of false positives
D. error rate parity
B


Which of the following ethical domains does the IEEE 7000 series explore? (Select two.)(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. Machine-readable privacy terms

B. Fair competition

C. Emulated empathy

D. Personnel safety

AC


How is a Machine Learning (ML) system different from Deep Learning (DL) system?

A. A ML system learns from its mistakes.
B. A ML system does all of the feature extraction and classification.
C. A ML system needs a human to provide the feature extraction.
D. A ML system does not needs input data.
C


A good example of empirical reflection in training data is

A. a model fails to recognize cultural differences due to incorrect attributes
B. A true positive result that defies the training data set
C. an image recognition model cannot tell a difference between a photo of a dog and a photo of a photo of a dog
D. an image recognition model selects one face over another based on sample data
C


What are the attributes of an error function when training a predictive model

A. the ratio of training data to actual data the model has consumed
B. the percentage of data that is formatted properly
C. the ratio of algorithm to curve in a predictive model
D. the percentage of predictions that don't match actual outcomes
D


Predictive loops in marketplace models like dating apps are especially susceptible to bias due to(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. fairness quotients

B. engagement levels

C. marketplace forces

D. short feedback cycles

D


A goal of a fair model's accuracy standards is to

A. minimize the error rate as long as the training data isn't affected
B. minimize the quality metrics as long as the quantity metrics aren't affected
C. minimize the fairness score as long as the error rate isn't affected
D. minimize the error rate as long as parity is obtained
D


Fairness is best defined as just treatment without __________

A. bias and contempt
B. prejudice and favoritism
C. favoritism or discrimination
D. discrimination and prejudice
C


What tools do researchers have to evaluate the fairness of existing black box models?(073-356-8678)

A. Evaluate inputs, evaluate data

B. Change inputs, evaluate training data

C. Change training data, evaluate outputs

D. Change inputs, evaluate outputs

D


What shared principle from ethical frameworks is the primary reason for the consideration of human rights when building AI systems?

A.Fairness/non-discrimination
B.Privacy
C.Transparency
A


The ____ theorem states that all models have the same error rate when averaged over all possible data generating distributions.(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. biased aggregate

B. pareto efficiency

C. zero handouts

D. no free lunch

D


Why is accountability an important principle to include in governance structures for data-driven technologies?

A. Accountability in governance structures encourages all employees to feel responsible for building trustworthy systems.
B. Accountability in governance structures encourages employees to put business needs first.
C. Accountability in governance structures encourages management to hold employees accountable for their actions.
D. Accountability in governance structures encourages some key employees to put business needs first.
A


As a cognitive bias, humans see lack of context/meaning around a piece of information and tend to(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. fill in gaps with existing knowledge

B. use biased sources of research

C. seek authority figures

D. disagree with their previous beliefs

A


An auditing model is an example of a____bias mitigation method
A. sub-processing
B. in-processing
C. post-processing
D. pre-processing
C


A model that equalizes the number of mistakes it makes for each subgroup to reduce harm is deciding on(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. equality of true outcomes

B. equality of false negatives

C. equality of training data

D. equality of prediction bias

B


Which of the following are actions that can help combat implicit bias? (Select three.)
A. Exposing yourself to "counter-stereotypical" examples.
B. Cultivating awareness of your own biases.
C. Surrounding yourself with others who have similar experiences.
D. Interacting with diverse groups of people.
E. Obtaining your information from the same one or two media sources that your family and friends access.
BDA


A major limitation of using explainable, adjustable algorithms is that users tend to make _(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. selfish

B. socially conscious

C. malicious

D. private

A


The pessimist view of general AI references a Scenario in which advancement is____
A. winner take all
B. a potential extinction event
C. creating AI for all governments
D. impossible
B


If a coin is flipped, which of the following would ensure "yes/no" data is private while still remaining useful?(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. heads for yes, tails for no

B. heads for fake answer, tails for true answer

C. heads for true answer, tails for random answer

D. heads for random answer, tails for yes

C


Which of the following elements are important aspects of ethical integrity with regards to data? (Select two.)
A. If the holders of data are trustworthy entities.
B. Whether the data was gathered in an ethical manner.
C. If the data is commercially viable or monetarily valuable.
D. What type of data (audio, visual, etc.) is being collected and/or utlized.
AB


What is non-maleficence?(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. The principle of doing no harm.

B. The principle of having no bias.

C. The principle of having no security risk.

D. The principle of having security risk.

A


Which of the following is NOT a common consideration when looking at the major ethical frameworks?(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. Humanity

B. Privacy

C. Security

D. Transparency

C


What does a leadership champion do?

A. Make decisions based on company values even in the face of adversity.
B. Make decisions based on their personal opinions.
C. Make decisions based on their popularity.
D. Make decisions based on the brand name of the company.
A


One benefit of an explainable model is(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. recruiting leverage

B. the model is more accurate

C. privacy is preserved

D. less competition

A


Which type of fairness would make sense when dividing tickets evenly between groups? (NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. equality of false positives

B. equality of prediction rate

C. statistical parity

D. error rate parity

C


Which of the following defines the AI black box problem?(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. A dangerous machine intelligence put in a digital prison

B. Machine intelligence making something illusory, like pulling a rabbit from a hat

C. The challenge of understanding the inner workings of opaque systems

D. Not being able to know how something crashed or failed

C


What does the American Medical Association (AMA) say the "A" in AI should stand for?

A. Amplified
B. Augmented
C. Artificial
D. Auditability
B


Which of the following describes the purpose of SIEM?(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. To launch simulated attacks on systems and networks.

B. To access and assign severity scores to flaws in software or hardware.

C. To aggregate alerts from disparate sources into a single analysis platform.

D. To protect the confidentiality and integrity of data as it is transmitted over a network.

C


Which of the following are potential ethical benefits of conducting pilot testing prior to the release of emerging technologies? (Select two.)

A. It certifies that a product's developers are legally accountable.
B. It minimizes the impact of any ethical issues which may emerge.
C. It demonstrates that the system is functional as early as possible in order to satisfy senior management and investor stakeholders.
D. It reveals any gaps in accountability or auditability.
BD


Differential privacy works by adding what to a dataset?(NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. filters

B. fairness scoring

C. noise

D. k-anonymity

C


Are criminal justice risk assessments race-neutral? (NHUNG HOÀNG)

A. No, the data is biased as it reflects historical bias. 

B. Yes, technology in itself is not racist. 

C. Yes, algorithms replace human judgement and they are unbiased. 

D. No, it is designed with intention to be unfair.

A


An unintended negative outcome of programming a broad goal into general intelligence is known as (073-356-8678)


A. an enduring output 

B. artificial sanctification 

C. perverse instantiation 

D. an ethical dilemma

C


How does increasing AI performance often conflict with the desire for explainability?

A. Increasing AI performance sometimes reduces the transparency of input data used in training, making it more difficult to explain decision-making processes.
B. Increasing AI performance sometimes leads to greater model complexity, making it more difficult to explain decision-making processes.
C. Increasing AI performance sometimes leads to certain evaluation metrics no longer being useful, making it more difficult to explain decision-making processes.
D. Increasing AI performance sometimes removes human-in-the-loop (HITL) methods, making it more difficult to explain decision-making processes.
B


A model that prioritizes equality on the outputs uses

A. error rate parity
B. equality of prediction rate
C. equality of assignment rate
D. statistical parity
A


Your organization has developed an Al system that recommends treatments for hospital patients. Some questions have been raised about the ethics of how these treatments are determined. What applied ethics domain do these concerns fall under?

A. Bioethics
B. Engineering ethics
C. Business ethics
D. Environmental ethics
A


For a model to clean, parse, and self-train it's own dataset while remaining impartial, the model needs

A. more powerful computing algorithms to auto-scrub data
B. a list of bias and domain tests to run and adjust for
C. 10x the amount of data
D. a test for recency bias
B


How can you identify potential areas of concern for ethical practices when developing a code of ethics?
(Select three).

A. Rely on the requirements of government regulations.
B. Obtain feedback from stakeholder focus groups.
C. Research similar organization's ethical mistakes and concerns.
D. Identify prior issues with your product or service.
BCD
